you taste New York is the greatest city
in the world
I was a kid in these streets and I made
it to the top I made my bones doing a
piece of work for Don Carlo Gambino like
that I became a made man dad I'm
thinking maybe take a year off do you
know what you're doing to this family I
will build something that nobody can
destroy so well Casa la was a fish in
the desert I never respected Paul you
killed the boss's boss
you will bring down Hellfire there is no
choice you'll need the support of all
five boroughs Queens Brooklyn Manhattan
Staten Island the Browns our job now is
to maintain leadership I nominate John
Gotti let everybody know now everybody
comes tunas I'm sure proud you should be
running your own crew now mr. Gotti are
you the head of the Gambino crime family
that is like family mrs. Bobby do you
know what your husband does for a living
haters of God John's getting too much
press that can't go unchecked
it was meant for you you'll never
believe this chemistry me before
what were you saying on the tapes I said
a lot of things that could get a lot of
people in trouble dad said wear it I'll
go for a cliff for you you then you
would not bring him into that well this
life of ours is a wonderful life if you
can get away with it
Johnson has been an informant for the
FBI order you fight - you can't fight no
more
[Music]
never back off ever
we walked together and we fall together
this is the life
[Music]